Improve hydro_radial test cases (#811)
MPAS-Dev/compass: docs/users_guide/landice/test_groups/hydro_radial.rst

steady_state_drift_test
-----------------------

``landice/hydro_radial/steady_state_drift_test`` performs a 1-month run,
starting from the "exact" (that is, a nearly exact steady-state solution) as
the initial condition.  The model drift away from the initialized exact
solution can be used as a metric of model error.  See figure 3 in
Hoffman, Matthew J., et al. 2018. “MPAS-Albany Land Ice (MALI):
A Variable-Resolution Ice Sheet Model for Earth System Modeling Using
Voronoi Grids.” Geoscientific Model Development 11 (9):
3747–80. https://doi.org/10.5194/gmd-11-3747-2018.

decomposition_test
------------------

``landice/hydro_radial/decomposition_test`` runs the steady state drift
test on 1 (``1proc_run`` step) and then on 3 cores
(``3proc_run`` step) to make sure the resulting prognostic variables are
bit-for-bit identical between the two runs.

restart_test
------------

``landice/hydro_radial/restart_test`` first run a 2-month integration of the
model forward in time (``full_run`` step).  Then, a second step
(``restart_run``) performs 2 1-month runs, where the second begins from a
restart file saved by the first. Prognostic variables are compared between the

> "full" and "restart" runs atafter 2 to make sure they are bit-for-bit

Author: ```suggestion
"full" and "restart" runs at the end of 2 months to make sure they are bit-for-bit
```
